on a deserted highway
a heist crew driving three modified
black fifth generation honda civic
coupes
assault a truck carrying electronic
goods
steal its cargo and escape into the
night the following day
a joint los angeles police department
and fbi task force
sends lapd officer brian o'connor
undercover to locate the crew
he begins his investigation at terreto's
market ordering his regular tuna on
white
no crust and flirting with its owner mia
sister of the infamous street racer
dominic tiretto
while dominic sits in the back office
reading a newspaper
dominic's crew vince in a 1999 nissan
maxima
leon in a 1995 nissan skyline gtr
r33 jesse in a 1995 volkswagen jetta gls
and his girlfriend letty arrives vince
who has a crush on mia starts a fight
with brian until dominic intervenes
that night brian brings a modified 1995
mitsubishi eclipse
to an illegal street race hoping to find
a lead on the heist crew
dominic arrives in his 1993 mazda rx-7
and initiates a drag race between
himself brian
and two other drivers lacking money
brian is forced to wager his car
dominic wins the race after brian's car
malfunctions
but the lapd arrive before he can hand
over his vehicle
brian in his car helps dominic escape
but they accidentally venture
into the territory of dominic's old
racing rival gang leader johnny tran
and his cousin lance who destroy brian's
vehicle
later dominic reiterates that brian
still owes him a 10 second car
the two then walk back to dominic's
house together where an altercation
between vince
who was upset that brian is at the house
and dominic
breaks out brian brings a damaged 1994
toyota
supra to dominic's garage as a
replacement dominic and his crew
begin the long process of restoring the
vehicle and brian starts dating mia
he also begins investigating tran
convinced that he is the mastermind
behind the truck hijackings
while investigating one of the garages
at night having driven a 1999 ford f-150
svt lightning
bryan is discovered by dominic and vince
who demand an explanation
brian convinces them that he is
researching his opponent's vehicles
for the upcoming desert race wars
together the trio investigate trans
garage
discovering a large quantity of
electronic goods brian reports the
discovery to his superiors and
tran and lance are arrested while the
toyota supra is restored and built
the raid fails however when the
electronics are proved to have been
purchased legally
brian is forced to confront his
suspicion that dominic is the true
mastermind
brian is given 36 hours to find the
heist crew as the truckers are now
arming themselves to defend against the
hijackings
the following day dominic and brian
attend race wars
after test driving the newly built supra
off us route 101
at race wars jesse wagers his father's
mk3 volkswagen jetta
gls against tran in his honda s2000
but flees with the car after he loses
tran demands dominic recover the vehicle
and accuses him of reporting him to the
police enraged
dominic beats up tran later that night
brian witnesses dominic and his crew
leaving and realizes that they are the
hijackers he reveals his true identity
to mia
and convinces her to help him find the
crew dominic letty
vince and leon attack a semi-trailer
truck intending it to be their final
heist
the armed driver shoots vince and runs
letty off the road
brian arrives with mia and rescues vince
he is forced to reveal his identity to
call in emergency medical care to save
vince
dominic mia and the rest of the crew
leave before the authorities can arrive
some time later brian arrives at
dominic's house to apprehend him as he
is getting his father's 1970 dodge
charger rt
out of the garage he demands brian leave
since he is not running
but is going to rescue jesse who has no
one else to look after him
instead jesse arrives at his house and
pleads for protection
tran and lance ride by on motorbikes and
shoot jessie dead
for reneging on their bet hitting the
volkswagen in the process
ryan and dominic give chase in their
separate vehicles
finding and killing tran and injuring
lance bryan then pursues dominic
with them both eventually acquiescing to
a quarter-mile drag race
the pair barely cross a railroad before
an oncoming freight train passes
which ends the race in a draw but
dominick crashes his car into a truck
injuring him instead of arresting him
brian gives the keys to his own car to
dominic
asserting that he still owes him a
10-second car from their first race
dominic escapes in the supra as brian
walks away
in a post-credit scene dominic is seen
driving through baja california mexico
in a 1970 chevrolet chevelle ss
after letting dominic tereto escape from
the authorities
former lapd officer brian o'connor flees
from los angeles to escape prosecution
he subsequently relocates to miami and
makes a living participating in illegal
street races
driving a heavily modified silver nissan
skyline gtr
r34 the races are organized by his local
mechanic friend taj parker
after winning a race the police show up
and brian is arrested
he is taken into custody but given a
deal by his former boss
fbi agent bilkins and u.s customs agent
markham
to go undercover and bring down
argentinian drug lord carter verone
in exchange for clearance of his
criminal record agent monica fuentes
who has been undercover with varon for a
year agrees to assist bringing brian in
to the organization
brian agrees on the condition that he is
given permission to choose his own
partner
this prompts brian to travel to barstow
where he enlists
the help of childhood friend roman
pearce who served jail time for housing
stolen cars in a garage
and currently makes a living as a
demolition derby driver roman
currently on parole gets into a brief
fight and blames brian for his arrest
but reluctantly agrees to help in
exchange for the same deal brian was
offered
for their mission they are issued two
confiscated modified cars
a mitsubishi lancer evolution 7 and the
mitsubishi eclipse spyder gts
roman and brian are later hired by
verone who tasks the duo to compete
against rival drivers
to obtain a package from a confiscated
ferrari located in a lot
during the race some of the hired
drivers crash while a few are injured by
big rigs
marcum who mistakenly thinks that the
duo is trying to run away
follows them to the lot the police
ambush spooks roman who shoots at
markham to help maintain his cover
roman later confronts the agent for
interfering with the mission brian is
able to salvage the situation
telling billikens that varone is
allegedly aiming to launder his money in
miami
before escaping on his private jet brian
and roman challenge a pair of muscle car
drivers they raced when competing for
varron's hiring
for pink slips despite engine and power
output handicaps
they win the race and obtain the rival
cars a 1969 yenko camaro syc
and a 1970 dodge challenger rt roman
later confronts brian about the constant
threat of veronese men
however they patch up their differences
and focus on completing the mission
at the vip section of a nightclub brian
and roman witness verone
torturing mpd detective whitworth into
giving his men a window of opportunity
to make their getaway the next morning
monica warns them that they will be
killed once the drop is made
despite this markham refuses to call off
the job claiming that it is their one
chance to catch ferrone
on the day of the mission brian and
roman begin transporting duffel bags of
veron's money with veronese associates
enrique and roberto riding alongside to
accompany them
before the window is set whitworth
decides to call in the police
to move in for an arrest of the drivers
of the cars
used by brian and roman this results in
a high speed chase across the city
with bilkins and us customs also
tracking them
the duo leads the police to a warehouse
where a scramble
by dozens of street racers organized by
tej disorients the police
following the scramble the police
managed to pull over the evo and the
eclipse
only to find out that they were driven
by tej and tsuki
as it turns out the duo had switched
cars and had escaped in the two muscle
cars they had won earlier
as brian approaches the destination
point in his camaro enrique tells him to
take the tarpon point marina exit
instead of heading to the airfield
meanwhile roman gets rid of roberto
by using an improvised ejector seat in
his challenger
powered by nitrous oxide at the airfield
customs agents have varon's plane
and convoy surrounded only to discover
they have been duped into a decoy
maneuver
while verone is at a boatyard several
miles away varon reveals he knew monica
was an undercover agent
and purposely gave her wrong information
on the destination point
when brian arrives at the marina varon
forces monica onto his private yacht
and orders enrique to kill brian as
enrique prepares to kill him
brian's ejector seat fails but roman
suddenly appears and helps brian to
incapacitate enrique
varon makes his escape but brian and
roman use the camaro to drive off a ramp
crashing on top of the yacht brian
shoots and wounds
varon who is then arrested by monica
marcum grants brian
and roman full pardons and in return
roman turns over the second half of her
own's money
the two agreed to stay in miami and
brian suggests
opening a garage funded by a cut of
varone's money
roman kept for themselves
oro valley arizona troubled high school
student sean boswell
and athlete clay raced their cars a 1971
chevrolet monte carlo
and a 2003 dodge viper to win the
affection of clay's girlfriend
cindy when sean cuts through a structure
and catches up to clay
clay desperate to win hits shawn's car
repeatedly until they reach a high speed
turn which causes both cars to crash
clay and cindy's wealthy families help
them escape punishment but because sean
is a repeat offender
he is sent to live in tokyo japan with
his father
a u.s navy officer stationed in tokyo in
order to avoid
juvenile detention or jail while in
tokyo
sean befriends twinkie a military brat
who introduces him to the world of drift
racing in japan
sean has a confrontation with takashi
the drift king
aka dk over sean talking to takashi's
girlfriend nila
though barred from driving sean decides
to race against takashi
who has ties to the yakuza and drives a
2003 nissan 350z
sean in a 2001 nissan sylvia s15 spec
s loaned by a racer named han but loses
his first race with takashi
due to his unfamiliarity with drifting
to repay his debt for the car he
destroyed
sean agrees to work for han who drives a
mazda rx-7 this leads to the duo
becoming friends
with han agreeing to teach sean how to
drift explaining that he is helping him
because sean is the only person willing
to stand up to takashi
shan moves in with han and soon masters
drifting by practicing in a 2006
mitsubishi evo gaining respect after
defeating dk's right-hand man
morimoto sean soon asks nila out on a
date
and learns that after her mother died
she moved in with takashi's grandmother
which resulted in their relationship an
enraged takashi
beats sean up the next day telling him
to stay away from nila
nila subsequently leaves takashi and
moves in with sean and han
takashi's uncle kamada the head of the
yakuza
reprimands takashi for allowing han to
steal from him
takashi and amuramoto confront han
sean and nila about the thefts twinkie
causes a distraction allowing han
sean and nila to flee who are then
pursued by takashi and morimoto
during the chase morimoto is killed in a
crash
leaving takashi to pursue the trio on
his own han
allows sean to overtake him in order to
hold takashi off
but the chase ends when shawn and neela
crash
meanwhile moments after escaping from
takashi han's car is t-boned
and the car explodes before sean has a
chance to save han
takashi sean and his father become
involved in an armed standoff which is
resolved by nila agreeing to leave with
takashi
shan's father prepares to send him back
but sean pleads him to let him fix his
own mess
his father then agrees and makes amends
with him twinkie gives his money to sean
to replace the money that han stole from
takashi which sean then returns to
kamada
sean proposes a race against takashi
with the loser having to leave tokyo
kamada agrees to the challenge but on
the condition that the race take place
on a mountain
revealed to be the mountain where
takashi himself is the only person to
make it down successfully
sean and han's crew restore sean's
father's
1967 ford mustang fastback
to drift specification using several
components of the previously wrecked
sylvia
including the engine that night on the
mountain
crowds gather to see the race takashi
takes the lead initially
but shawn's training allows him to catch
up determined to win
takashi resorts to ramming sean's car
eventually missing and driving off the
mountain
while shawn crosses the finish line with
takashi's car
almost falling on him in the process
kamada keeps his word
and lets shawn remain in tokyo and is
now christened the new drift king
some time later nila twinkie and sean
are enjoying themselves in their
newfound home place and freedom
dominic toretto shows up to challenge
sean and he accepts after the american
proclaims himself as han's family
five years after escaping from the u.s
dominic tiretto and his new crew
consisting of his girlfriend letty tego
rico cara and han
are hijacking fuel tankers in the
dominican republic
dom suspects that the police are on
their trail forcing the crew to disband
and go their separate ways
with han deciding to go to tokyo
realizing that he must leave
dom runs leaving letty behind to protect
herself from harm
three months later dom is now residing
in panama city
he gets a call from his sister mia
toretto
who tells him that letty has been
murdered dom heads back to los angeles
to attend her funeral
and examine the crash and finds traces
of nitromethane on the ground
he visits the only car mechanic that
sells nitromethane in la
and forces him into giving him the name
david park the man who ordered the fuel
and informs him that the only car that
uses nitro methane
in the area is a green 1972
ford gran torino sport meanwhile fbi
agent brian o'connor
is trying to track down a mexican drug
lord arturo braga
his search leads him to david park and
he tracks him down using an illegal
modification record on his car
dom arrives at park's apartment first
and hangs him out of the window by his
ankles
before brian arrives brian saves park
and park becomes the fbi's new informant
park gets brian into a street race brian
selects a modified 2002
nissan skyline gtr r34 from the impound
lot
dom races in his modified 1970 chevrolet
chevelle ss
giselle yashar the liaison for braga
reveals that the winner will become the
last driver
on a team that traffics heroin between
the mexico and united states border
dom wins by bumping brian's car while it
is in nitro
making him lose control brian uses his
power as an fbi agent to arrest another
driver
and takes his place on the team the team
meets up with braga's personal henchman
phoenix and dom notices that phoenix
drives the same torino
the mechanic described they drive across
the border using tunnels to avoid
detection
dom confronts phoenix and learns that he
himself killed bloody
when she tried to escape him a standoff
ensues though not before dom
creates a diversion by loosening his car
with nitrous sparking a vehicle
explosion that destroys his car
and several others including brian's in
the ensuing chaos
dom and brian hijack a 1999 hummer h1
with 60 million dollars worth of heroin
in it dom
and brian drive back to la and hide the
heroine in a police impound lot
where brian picks up a modified subaru
impreza wrx
sti hatchback they subsequently drive
back to dom's house where they reunite
with mia
dom finds out brian was the last person
to have contact with letty
which results in dom attacking brian
until he explains that letty was working
undercover
she was tracking down braga in exchange
for clearing dominic's record
brian tells his superiors that in
exchange for dominic's pardon
he will lure braga into a trap forcing
him to show up to exchange money for the
heroine
at the drop site the man who claims to
be braga is revealed as a decoy
and campos the real braga escapes with
phoenix and the pair flee to mexico
in the ensuing chaos phoenix nearly runs
over giselle before dom saves her
brian and dom travel to mexico to catch
braga
with the help of gisele who gives them
directions as a favor in return for dom
saving her life
brian and dom find him at a church and
apprehend him
as braga's henchmen try to rescue him
ryan and dom
drive through the tunnels back to the
united states brian crashes his car
after taking fire from braga's men he is
then injured after being t-boned by
phoenix
before phoenix can kill brian dom drives
into phoenix and kills him
as police and helicopters approach the
crash site on the american side of the
border
brian tells dom to leave but dom refuses
saying he is not running anymore
despite brian's request for clemency the
judge sentences dom
to 25 years in prison brian resigns from
the fbi and
dom boards a bus that will transport him
to prison as the bus drives down the
road
brian mia and the rest of the crew
arrive in their cars to intercept it
as dominic tiredo is being transported
to prison by bus
his sister mia toretto and friend brian
o'connor
lead an assault on the bus freeing dom
while the authorities search for them
the trio escapes to rio de janeiro
awaiting dom's arrival
mia and brian join their friend vince
and other participants on a job
to steal three cars from a train brian
and mia discover that agents from the
u.s drug enforcement administration
are also on the train and that the cars
are seized property
when dom arrives at the train with his
accomplices he realizes that their
leader zizi
is only interested in stealing one car a
ford gt40
dom has mia steal the car herself before
he and brian fight zz
and his henchmen during which zz kills
the dea agents
assigned to the vehicles dom and brian
are captured and
brought to crimelord hernan reyes the
owner of the cars
and aziz's boss reyes orders the pair
interrogated to discover the location of
the car
but they managed to escape and retreat
to their safe house while brian
dom and mia examine the car to discover
its importance
vince arrives and is caught trying to
remove a computer chip from it he admits
he was planning to sell the chip to
reyes on his own
and dom forces him to leave bryan
investigates the chip
and discovers it contains the complete
financial details of reyes's criminal
empire
including the locations of 100 million
dollars in u.s
cash diplomatic security service agent
luke hobbs
and his team arrive in rio to arrest dom
and brian
with the help of local officer elena
neves
they travel to dom's safe house but find
it under assault by reyes's men
searching for the chip brian dom and mia
escape dom
suggests they split up and leave rio but
mia announces
she is pregnant with brian's child dom
agrees to stick together and suggests
they steal the money from reyes to start
a new life
they organize a team to perform the
heist which includes han
roman tej giselle
leo and santos vince later joins the
team
after saving mia from being captured by
reyes's men since it would be difficult
to steal from 10 different locations
dom's team attack one of those locations
and burn 10 million dollars in front of
reyes's staff
afraid of further attacks reyes
consolidates the remaining 90 million
in a new vault inside a police station
dom's team buys cars
and equipment and creates a plan to
steal the money hobbs and his team
eventually find and arrest
dom mia brian and vince while
transporting them to the airport for
extradition to the united states
the convoy is attacked by reyes's men
who kill hobbs team
hobbs and elena are saved by dom brian
mia and vince
who escape the assault but vince is
fatally shot
wanting to avenge his murdered team
hobbs and elena agree to help with the
heist
the gang break into the police station
and tear the vault holding reyes's money
from the building using their cars
dragging it through the city
after an extensive police chase dom has
brian continue on without him
while he attacks the police and the
pursuing reyes
using the vault attached to his car to
smash their vehicles
brian returns and kills zizi while reyes
is badly injured by dom's assault
hobbs arrives on the scene and executes
reyes
though hobbs refuses to let dom and
brian go free he gives them a 24-hour
head start to escape
on the condition that they leave the
vault as it is however
the vault is empty as it had been
switched during the chase
after splitting the cache dom's team go
their separate ways
on a tropical beach brian challenges dom
to a final no stakes race
to prove who is the better driver in a
mid-credits scene
hobbs is given a file by monica fuentes
concerting the hijack of a military
convoy in berlin
where he discovers a recent photo of
dom's former girlfriend letty
who had been presumed dead
[Music]
following their successful heist in
brazil dominic tereto and his
professional criminal crew
have fled around the world and are
living peacefully dom lives with elena
neves
his sister mia toretto lives with brian
o'connor
and their son jack giselle yashar
and han solo are together and roman
pearce
and tej parker live in luxury meanwhile
dss agents luke hobbs and riley hicks
investigate the destruction of a russian
military convoy
by a crew led by former british sas
major
and special ops soldier owen shaw
hobbs persuades dom to help capture shaw
by showing him a photo of his supposedly
murdered girlfriend
letty dom and his crew accept the
mission in exchange for their amnesty
and allowing them to return to the
united states in london
shaw's hideout is found but this is
revealed to be a trap
distracting them and the police while
shaw's crew performs a heist
at an interpol building shaw flees by
car
detonating his hideout and disabling
most of the police
leaving dom and his crew along with
hobbs and riley to pursue him
lety arrives to help shaw shooting dom
without hesitation
before escaping back at their
headquarters hobbes tells dom's crew
that shaw is stealing components to
create a deadly device
intending to sell it to the highest
bidder meanwhile
shaw's investigation into the opposing
crew reveals
letty's relationship with dom but she is
revealed to be suffering from amnesia
dom's crew learns that shaw is connected
to a drug lord who was imprisoned by
brian
arturo braga brian returns to los
angeles as a prisoner to question braga
who says letty survived the explosion
that seemingly killed her
shaw took her in after discovering her
amnesia with fbi's help
brian is released from prison regrouping
with the team in london
dom challenges letty in a street racing
competition
afterward he returns her cross necklace
he had kept
after letty leaves shaw offers dom a
chance to walk away
threatening to otherwise hurt his family
but dom refuses
tej tracks shaw's next attack to a
spanish nato base
shah's crew assaults a highway military
convoy
carrying a computer chip to complete his
device dom's crew interferes
while shaw accompanied by letty
commandeers a tank
destroying cars on route brian and roman
flip the tank before it causes further
damage
resulting in letty being thrown from the
vehicle though dom saves her
shaw and his crew are captured but
reveal mia has been kidnapped by shaw's
henchmen
hobbes is forced to release shaw and
riley who is revealed to be shaw's
covert accomplice
leaves with him leti chooses to remain
with dom
shaw's group boards a moving antonov
an-124
on an exceptionally long runway as dom's
crew gives chase
dom letty and brian board the craft
brian rescues mia escaping in an alpha
romeo julieta
the plane attempts to take off but is
held down by excess weight
as the rest of the team tethered the
plane to their vehicles giselle
sacrifices herself to save han
from shaw's henchmen letty kills riley
and escapes with hobbs to safety
but dom pursues shaw and the computer
chip as the plane crashes into the
ground
shaw is thrown from it and dom drives a
car out of the exploding plane
dom reunites with his crew and gives the
chip to hobbs to secure their pardons
dom and the others return to his old
family home in los angeles
where dom and his crew have a gathering
to share a meal meanwhile hobbs and
elena work together
arrive to confirm the crew's freedom and
elena accepts that dom loves letty
in a mid-credits scene han is involved
in a car chase
when he is suddenly broadsided by an
oncoming car the driver walks away after
leaving letty's crossed necklace by the
crash
and calls dom saying dominic tyrell
you don't know me
you're about to as han's car explodes
apparently killing han
after defeating owen shaw and his crew
and securing amnesty for their past
crimes
dominic tiredo brian o'connor
and the rest of their team have returned
to the united states to live peaceful
normal lives again brian begins to
accustom himself to life as a father
while dom tries to help letty ortiz
regain her memory
meanwhile owen's older brother deckard
breaks into the secure hospital in
london
where the comatose owen is being held
before breaking into dss office in los
angeles
to extract profiles of dom's crew after
revealing his identity
deckard engages luke hobbs in a fight
and escapes when he detonates a bomb
that severely injures hobbs
dom later learns from his sister mia
toretto that she is pregnant again
and convinces her to tell brian however
a letter bomb
sent from tokyo explodes and destroys
the toretto house
just seconds after han a member of dom's
team
is apparently killed by deckard in tokyo
dom travels to tokyo to reclaim han's
body
and acquires personal items found at
han's crash site
from han's friend sean boswell as dom
brian tej parker and roman pearce
mourn han and gesell yashar's deaths at
han's funeral in los angeles
dom in a 1970 plymouth roadrunner
confronts deckard
in a 2014 maserati ghibli in an
underground tunnel
deckard flees when a covert ops team
arrives and opens fire
led by a man only known as mr nobody at
his airbase of operations in san diego
mr nobody says that he will help dom in
stopping deckard
if he helps him get god's eye a computer
program that uses digital devices to
track down a person
mr nobody also wants dom to help save
god's eye's creator
a hacker named ramsay from a nigerian
terrorist
named mosaic akande dom brian leddy
roman and tej airdrop their off-road
modified cars
over the caucasus mountains in
azerbaijan
ambush jakande's convoy and rescue
ramsay
and they go to abu dhabi and steal the
flash drive containing the godzi
chip from a billionaire hidden in a
lycan hypersport
with god's eye near telecommunications
repeaters
dom brian mr nobody and his team
track down and capture deckard but are
ambushed by jakande and his henchmen
and are forced to flee while jacondi
obtains god's eye
as the injured mr nobody calls for
medical attention the team returns to
los angeles
where dom plans to single-handedly fight
deckard alone while letty
bryan tej and roman resolve to protect
ramsay from jakande
later on brian promises mia that he will
fully dedicate himself to their family
after he defeats deckard and chikande as
jakande pursues brian
and the rest of the team with a stealth
helicopter and an aerial drone
ramsay attempts to hack into god's eye
hobbs
discovering the situation leaves the
hospital and destroys the drone with an
ambulance
brian battles and kills jakande's
henchmen before hijacking a signal
repeater tower
allowing ramsay to regain control of
god's eye and shut it down
meanwhile dom in his 1970 dodge charger
and deckard in a 2005 aston martin db9
engage in a one-on-one brawl on top of a
public parking garage
jakande soon intervenes and attacks them
both dom uses the distraction to defeat
deckard
by causing part of the parking garage to
collapse beneath him
dom then attempts to crash his car onto
jakande's helicopter
he leaves a bag of grenades on the
helicopter and crashes on the rubble of
the garage
hobbs then shoots the grenades
destroying the helicopter
and killing jakande after brian and
hobbes
help letty bring out dom's unconscious
body she cradles him
and fully regains all her memories by
remembering their wedding
dom eventually regains consciousness
after letty tells him this
deckard is taken into custody by hobbs
and locked away in a secret
high security cia prison the rest of the
team relaxes on a tropical beach
brian and mia play with their son jack
while dom
leddy roman taj and ramsay look on
acknowledging that brian is happily
retired with his family
dom in a 1968 dodge charger and brian in
a 1995 toyota supra
drive away and dom remembers all the
times he had with brian
they bit each other farewell by giving
one last smile and drive off in separate
directions
[Music]
following the defeat of deckard shaw and
moses
akande dominic tereto and letty ortiz
are on their honeymoon in havana when
dom's cousin fernando
gets in trouble owing money to local
racer raldo
sensing raldo is a loan shark dom
challenges raldo to a race
pitting fernando's 1950 chevrolet fleet
line
against raldo's 1956 ford fairlane crown
victoria
and wagering his own 1961 chevrolet
impala after narrowly winning the race
and destroying the fleet line in the
process
dom allows raldo to keep his car saying
his respect is enough
and leaves his cousin with his own car
the next day
an elusive cyber terrorist named cipher
coerces dom into working for her
by showing him an unseen photo or video
on her phone
shortly afterward dss agent luke hobbs
recruits dom and his team comprising of
letty
roman pierce tej parker and ramsay
to help him retrieve an emp device from
a military outpost in berlin
during the getaway dom goes rogue
forcing hobbs off the road and stealing
the device for cipher
hobbs gets arrested and locked up in the
same high security prison
which holds deckard shaw after deckard
and hobbes both escaped the prison
intelligence operative mr nobody and his
protege
eric reisner recruits deckard and hobbes
to help the team
find dom and capture cipher deckard
reveals that cipher had hired his
brother owen
to steal the nightshade device and
mozachikande
to steal god's eye ramsay's software
program from the last movie
the team tracks dom and cipher to their
place moments before the latter two
attack the base causing injuries to the
team and stealing god's eye
roman suggests that they call brian in
to help them on why dom betrayed the
team
but letty rejects the idea as they made
a promise not to bring him
and mia into any more dangerous
activities for the sake of their
children
when dom questions cipher's motives she
reveals that she has held hostage dom's
ex-lover
and dss agent elena neves and their son
of whose existence dom was unaware elena
tells dom that she wanted him to decide
the child's first name
having already given him the middle name
marcus in new york city
cipher sends dom in a 1971 plymouth gtx
to retrieve a nuclear football held by
the russian minister of defense
prior to the theft dom briefly evades
cipher with the help of raldo
and persuades deckard and owen's mother
magdalene
to help him cipher hacks into the
electronic system of many cars
remotely controlling them via autodrive
causing them to disable the convoy so
that dom can take the football
the team intercepts dom in their
vehicles but dom escapes
shooting and seemingly killing deckard
in the process leddy catches up to dom
but is ambushed and nearly killed by
cipher's enforcer
connor rhodes before dom stops him from
killing letty
in retaliation cipher has rhodes execute
a tied up elena in front of a helpless
dom
dom in a 1968 dodge charger infiltrates
a military separatist base in russia
to use the emp device to disable their
security
and to disable a nuclear submarine
enabling cipher to hijack it
and attempt to use its arsenal to
trigger a nuclear war
they are once again intercepted by the
team who were able to shut down the
sub's nuclear weapons
and drive out toward the sea gate that
would prevent the sub from leaving into
open waters
while being pursued by the separatists
meanwhile
deckard who faked his death teams up
with owen and at magdalene's behest
infiltrate cipher's plane to rescue
dom's son once deckard reports that the
child is safe
dom turns on cypher and kills rhodes
before rejoining his team
infuriated cipher fires an infrared
homing missile at dom
but he breaks away from his team and
maneuvers around it causing the missile
to hit the submarine instead
causing an explosion that destroys dom's
vehicle the team quickly forms a
vehicular blockade around dom
shielding him from the ensuing explosion
as the submarine is destroyed
deckard reaches the front of the plane
and confronts cipher who escapes by
jumping from the plane with a parachute
mr nobody and his protege visit dom and
his team in new york city
to report that cipher is still at large
in athens hobbs has his record cleared
and has offered his dss job back
but he declines in order to spend more
time with his daughter
deckard delivers dom his son putting his
differences aside with dom
and hobbes dom names his son brian and
celebrates with his friends
in london hattie shaw and her team of
mi6 agents attempt to retrieve a
programmable super
dubbed snowflake from terrorist
organization
etion brixton lore an etion operative
with cybernetic implants that allow him
to perform
superhuman feats arrives and kills all
the agents
except hattie who injects snowflake into
herself before escaping
brixton frames hattie for killing her
team and stealing snowflake
forcing her to go on the run luke hobbs
and deckard shaw
hattie's brother are both informed of
the missing virus
and are reluctantly assigned to work
together to track it down after a brief
meeting at a cia black site
at leaden hall building deckard goes to
hattie's house for information while
hobbs manages to find hattie
after a brief scuffle he brings her to
the cia office as deckard then returns
the office is attacked and hattie is
taken by brixton
whom deckard recognizes as an old
colleague turned enemy
he'd previously shot and supposedly
killed hobbs and deckard pursue and
rescue hattie during an ensuing
car chase managing to escape from
brixton who crashes into a double-decker
bus
however brixton frames all three as
traitors via etion's control of global
news media
the three locate professor and draco
snowflake's creator who informs them
that to prevent snowflake from
eradicating humanity
hattie while the virus is still dormant
must either be killed or have the virus
removed with a specialized extraction
device
located in etienne's headquarters in
chernobyl after flying undercover to
moscow
and rendezvousing with deckard's
girlfriend margarita to re-arm
the three infiltrate the facility
however andrako is killed and the device
is damaged during their escape
hobbs takes the trio to his childhood
home in samoa
to visit his estranged brother jonah a
talented mechanic
to repair the device and lay low before
confronting brixton again
hobbes has a tense reunion with his
family but jonah is eventually persuaded
to help them by their mother
the makeshift battalion prepares for
etion's arrival
setting up a variety of traps around the
island jonah successfully repairs the
device and starts the virus extraction
just as brixton and his army arrive at
daybreak
in the ensuing battle all of brixton's
soldiers are defeated
brixton retakes hattie via helicopter
however
hobbs deckard and the samoans bring the
aircraft down
working together hobbs and deckard
defeat brixton who was remotely
terminated afterward by etienne's
director
hobbes and deckard send a message to the
director promising to find them
in particular hobbs whom he claims to
have a history with
the group celebrates their victory in
mid and post-credit scenes
hobbs brings his daughter to meet their
extended family in samoa
deckard and hattie are implied to bust
their mother out of prison
and hobbes receives a call from his
partner locke informing him that he had
broken into a facility
and discovered another virus worse than
the snowflake virus